[Music]
Allrecipes member nancy says honest this
miso soup is the real thing the secret
is the dashi granules I had to go to a
Japanese market to get it but it was
worth it
let's start by slicing two green onions
on the diagonal into half-inch pieces
[Music]
next dice an 8 ounce package of silken
tofu into half inch cubes
[Music]
now in a medium saucepan over medium
heat add four cups of water
[Music]
two teaspoons of dashi granules
bring the dashi granules and water to a
boil reduce the heat to medium before
adding the miso miso is full of rich
enzymes and boiling will kill them stir
in three tablespoons of miso paste
[Music]
add the diced tofu into the soup and
stir it you just need to heat the tofu
through not cook it then separate the
layers of the green onions taking care
to keep the rings halt and add in the
green onion
[Music]
serve it while hot one Allrecipes member
Diane s commented that we recently
enjoyed a delicious miso soup at a sushi
restaurant and I was trying to come
close to that we actually thought this
one was better we'll be making this
often
[Music]